Hello there. So I wanted to use this time to walk through the academic success plan, which is your first, um, summative assignment this term. All right, it's one of those big ones, so I wanted to explain it so that you can always go back to this video and watch it while you're working on the assignment. We're gonna chat briefly about it in class, but I want you to be able to have something to refer to when you start working on the assignment. Okay, so this first page is actually an overview, right, of all the components of this assignment. This assignment, it's very a critical part of the awareness piece that we've been talking about in class of, you know, showing that awareness about the obstacles that have actually impacted your academic success. All right, so the components include, um, 8 steps, all right? 7 of those steps are charts that you just have to fill in, while, um, the last step is gonna be a summary, all right? So you have 7 charts and one summary. Okay? So moving right along, the first chart. In the first chart you have to identify the obstacles that have impacted you that you have encountered, whether it's last year, whether it's last semester, we want you to be able to identify, um, a minimum of 5 obstacles, right, between these 2 categories, academic obstacles and personal obstacles. All right? An example has been given to you here. For instance, an academic obstacle could be managing your textbook readings, right? Possibly those were some of the things that actually impacted, you could not manage those readings, you couldn't complete those readings before class to get prepared and all that. And a personal obstacle could be, you know, a feeling of anxiety and stress. Okay? So minimum of 5 in this chart. And then in the second chart, you're gonna pick 3 of those obstacles from the previous chart. So it could be, you know, you can mix them up. It could be 2 academic and one personal or vice versa. So you're gonna pick 3 of those obstacles in this chart, and then you're gonna identify 2 potential solutions. Doesn't matter if you actually explored the solutions or if you didn't explore them, all right, but we want you to be able to fill in those potential solutions that could have actually helped you, you know, work on those obstacles and possibly overcome them as well. So an example here is, you know, attend a workshop, a Ride the Wave workshop, which is organized in Laurier for students. Another s- um, potential solution could be meet a counselor at the wellness center. Right? So 2 solutions for each of those 3 obstacles in the second chart. All right? And it's not enough for you to just identify the solutions. Why do you think they would have helped? All right, so yeah, that is another important part to this chart. Why do you think any of those solutions which would have helped you, uh, with those obstacles? All right, so in the third chart, now you're gonna pick 3 of those solutions because we wanna ensure that these solutions are actually realistic, they are achievable, right? So you're gonna pick 3 of those solutions and you're gonna break them down. How would this solutions have helped you, you know, in terms of your academic success, right? the example we're working on, if you had met with a counselor at the wellness center, perhaps they would have provided that re- those listenl- listening ears rather that you needed, you know? They would have helped you with resources, they would have, they would have helped you with referrals. So those are examples, right? It would have helped you to, which would have helped you to procrastinate less, should have helped you to reduce your anxiety, and then you would be- be able to kind of deal with your assignments and every other academic, um, you know, task that you had. So you need to be able to state how that solution would have impacted you, all right? And then what are those resources that you would have needed to commit in terms of time, in terms of effort, that you would have needed to commit to achieve those solutions? All right? So perhaps if you had needed to meet with w- counselor at the wellness center, possibly if you're working part-time, you would have needed to take some hours off your shift, you know, to make that appointment. All right? So in terms of time, effort, resources, what, uh, would have been required for you to achieve this solution? All right? So you need to fill that for 3 solutions as well, building off from the previous charts. Okay, now we're gonna talk about goals. So in class we already discussed about SMART goals, SMART goal setting. Your goals have to be specific, they have to be measurable, attainable, relevant, and timely, all right? So you're not going to just, I don't, um, expect you to just pick, you know, a goal out of nowhere. No, it has to be tied to your most important solution. So based on the previous chart, you need to pick your most important solution and then create a goal to make that solution happen, all right? And that becomes your SMART goal. So you need to state your SMART goal here, don't forget to state your SMART goal, guys, and then you need to break it then down into these charts. Okay? The goal has to be specific. It must be targeted at something. For instance, based on our sample, manage my anxiety, right? So that is a target. All right, measurable. You want to make sure that your goal is quantifiable. How will you do that? By starting your assignments earlier and you can even go deeper, not just earlier, you can say 2 days earlier, 3 days earlier, you know? Hand in your assignments in 30 minutes before the deadline, all right? So it has to be measurable. Okay? And then going further to the attainable piece. So manage my anxiety by, so that by, you know, what are you gonna do, you know, to achieve that goal? That by part, that is the at- attainable piece which says by doing what? Starting my assignments earlier. Okay? And then it has to be relevant, so your goal should be realistic. Guys, don't just choose a goal that has no chance of getting accomplished. It has to be something that can actually, uh, be accomplished, right? For instance, if, if you say 2 weeks earlier- submitting my assignment 2 weeks before the deadline." That may not be realistic, okay? So that is the relevant part. And then it also has to be timely. There should be a timeline for successfully reaching your goal, so you need to specify. Based on this sample, it states ensuring that nothing is handed in past the due date this semester, all right? So it could be, you know, this year perhaps or throughout my time in the SASS program. So i- it has to be something that is timely. You need to put the timely piece to make your goal SMART. Okay. And then building off of that now, we want you to be able to predict barriers. What are the things that you think might prevent you from achieving your SMART goal? Uh, you need to identify 2 barriers, all right? So for instance, working 10 hours each weekend, it might actually make it hard for you to achieve the goal of submitting your assignments on time, right? Because, you know, if, if, you know, you're taking so much time to work part-time and then your assignment is suffering, then that could be a potential barrier. And what are the worries that you have about this goal, right? Of course, once you miss a deadline, there's always that possibility of a spiral effect or a snowball, all right? So if you get behind, you worry that you might continue to procrastinate. And before you know it, you're back to square one, all right? So that could be a worry. An assumption could be that you might not get enough time off work, you know, to do it, to start working on your assignments on time, because possibly your employer does not understand that you're- you're a student, you're a student and you need to get your work done. So those are assumptions that, you know, it may not actually happen, but, um, they are things that could happen. And then how do you prevent? So having identified those 2 barriers, you need to state how do you prevent them from happening. So perhaps you could say, um, you would have an accountability partner, you know, that will check on you to ensure that you're working on your assignments. Could be a pair, it could be your family, you know? You could say that you will have a planner, you know, you create a task list so that you're able to keep track of what you're doing and not fall behind, all right? So, um, yeah. So for those 2 barriers, you need to identify the worries, the assumptions, and then how do you prevent these, um, barriers from, um, affecting the accomplishment of your goal. And of course, celebration is always a thing, right? So the next part is celebrating. So how will you reward yourself? So first of all, you need to break that major goal into short-term goals. So based on that major goal that you have identified in a previous shot, um, previous chart, rather, identify 2 short-term goals that you can bring out. So for instance, you know, start each assignment at least 3 days early. So that's a short-term goal that can come, um, out of that, um, SMART goal, all right? And how will you reward yourself? Because reward is rewards are great motivators for success, right? So how will you reward yourself? This depends on anything that, you know, catches your fancy, 45 minutes on video games, you know, you take a walk or you will, you know, buy yourself, cook yourself a dinner. I think I remember one of the past, uh, students said she was gonna cook herself, you know, an homemade dinner, you know? So how would you reward yourself? Another student, uh, in the previous year said she was going to get herself a shawarma lunch, right? So anytime she's able to submit 30 minutes before the deadline, she would get herself a s- a shawarma lunch. That could do some harm to your waistline, but yeah, whatever catches your fancy, all right? So 2 short-term goals, and then how will you reward yourself, right? Perhaps you will pay your, uh, visits to a friend or something, okay? All right. So the next part of this chart is how will you know when you've accomplished your SMART goal? So at the end of it all, how will you know that you've accomplished this goal? Of course, when each of your assignments are handed in time. That's the example. This is just building off of the example that we have been working on, right? But you need to state based on whatever your own goal is, how will you know when you've accomplished it? And how will you reward yourself to celebrate? Right? I remember, um, some of the past, um, students that we had, um, she said she was gonna buy herself an- an air fryer, right? So how will you reward yourself? Go shopping in Toronto if shopping is your thing. Another student did mention that she was gonna get herself a new shoe. All right, so it's up to you how will you celebrate. Okay, and then we come to the summary part. So the summary actually comes before the last chart, all right? And this summary builds off the pre- uh, the 6 previous charts that you have completed, all right? All you need to do is fill in those spaces in those charts. But then the summary part, you need to provide an overview of everything that you have already mentioned. So y- don't just copy and paste them. No. I wanna see you kind of discuss them, right? So those obstacles, again, that you have identified previously, how they have led you to enroll in the SAS program, right? What are some of those, um, barriers that you've encountered before now? And then how do you think the SAS program is gonna help you achieve your smart goal? So this should be a summary of, you know, the obstacles, you know, how they've led you to SAS, what your goal is now, and then how, uh, you know, how will the SAS program help you achieve your goals? All right. Okay, so now the last part of this academic success plan is actually an action plan. And this builds off of the first, um, assignment I gave you in this class that I asked you to upload to the discussion board, which is about creating a schedule for all your assessments in both SAS and your elective. So you can actually just refer back to that discussion post, but there is an additional piece, right? And that is where you need to put in an action plan. How are you going to work on this assessment, you know? I want to see you talk about, you know, how time management is gonna factor in your action plan. We've- we've had a session with the Teaching & Learning Center, and there's another session that is coming up that might actually help. You could get some great takeaways from that session as well. But you need to create an action plan for each of those assessments, right? Will you break them into tasks? You know, will you work on them like you work, work on an assignment at least one hour every day until the due date? What would you do? You know, create an action plan for each of those assessments. Will you start, you know, study your, for your midterms one week before, 2 weeks before? Will you create a study group? So for both your SAS assessments and your elective assessments, I want to see, um, the action plan on how you intend to make a success of those assessments. Okay. So, um, I also wanna talk a little bit about the rubric, right? I believe that's a very familiar term with most of you. So I'm gonna talk about the rubric, um, for few minutes. All right. Yes, so, um, that is because the rubric is also critical. You need to know what is expected of you. You need to know whatever your instructor will be looking out for, right? So I a- I encourage you to always, um, look at the rubric for any of your assessments, even in your other courses. Okay, so for our rubric, we always have level one to level 4. And this is because, you know, the passing grade for SAS is 60%, so anything below 60 is actually a level one, all right? So where are the critical areas, the criterias that we're gonna be using when, uh, I am grading this assignment? Of course, the analysis of your obstacles and generation of solutions. So I wanna see those obstacles you've identified. I wanna see how you've connected them to the solutions that you generated. I want to see the development of your smart goal. Is your goal actually smart? What did you You know, are those solutions you've identified, are they achievable, right? And then I also wanna see how you've, you know, the strategies for celebration. So how are you going to celebrate? Have you identified some, you know, feasible, um, rewards, right, based on your short goals? Short-term goals, rather. All right. And then I wanna see critical reflection part of your summary, right? So were you able to provide that overview, you know, connect it to your previous experience, connect it to your goal, connect it to your, uh, the potential of SAS to help you succeed, right? So that other part is also important. And also, the outline of your assessment, especially your action plan. So that is Those are the important parts of your rubric. And of course, the quality of your writing, your spelling, your grammar. I wanna see how you've organized your work. So take note, guys, all of this is to be submitted in one document. So including the summary, the chapters, download this, um, document that has been given to you and have a page for your summary and then you upload everything to myLearningSpace in one document. All right? So your writing, your spelling, your grammar, check marks there, full marks for doing that correctly. Okay? So when you're looking at your rubrics, you wanna take note of, you know, each of those aspects you need to focus on. You can see limited here. Once things are limited, then it's a level one. You can see adequate here, and they're adequate, it's okay, then that's a level 2. When they're sufficient, right, you can see sufficient here. When it's sufficient, then it means you've covered all the basics, right? And then that's a level 3. And then, you know, thorough. You know, when you've gone above and beyond, yeah, then it's thorough, right? So those are the things you wanna look at when you are checking your rubrics and then when you're working on your assignment. Okay, so that's about it, guys. If you have any questions while you're working on this assignment, feel free to email me and I will respond to your email, um, to address whatever those questions might be. So I wish you best of luck as you work on this first major assignment, um, which is gonna Subsequent assignments, subsequent major assis- assessments will actually build off on this assignment, all right? So it is very important. Okay? So best of luck. I wish you all the best as you work on this assignment and I will see you later.